

              C O N S T I T U T I O N    O F   F R E E S I D E
               University of Hull student Linux Cluster, 2016

  BACKGROUND

  Freeside is a student run non-profit organisation that was created in the
  late 1990s. Many students have taken the role of leaderhsip for the
  organisation, some leaderships ending in distater for the group and others
  allowing it to thrive. This constitution is being written to ensure that a
  fair and well-functioning leadership will be given to Freeside for the
  foreseeable future. It also serves as a record of ethical conduct within
  the group.

  DEFINITIONS

  'equipment'		- Any hardware or goods that are affiliated with
                          Freeside's operations or reside in the office.

  'POE'                 - Privately owned equipment

  'FOSS'		- Free and Open Source Software

  'Freeside'		- The non-profit organisation, not the room or members

  'member'              - A person currently participating in achieving the
                          purposes of Freeside as stated in section 1.

  'office'		- The room that Freeside currently resides in

  'students'            - Current or Alumi students of the University of Hull


  1. PURPOSE OF ORGANISATION

    1.1 To provide computer infrastructure and software services to students.

    1.2 To provide education services; topics included but not limited to:
        practical computer hardware skills, use of server operating systems,
        use of service software, and use of FOSS.

    1.3 To always attempt with great effort to achieve 1.1 and 1.2 using as
        much FOSS as practically possible.
        [CONTESTED]

    1.4 To provide a group of people to discuss the recent developments of
        FOSS and technology in general.


  2. OWNERSHIP OF EQUIPMENT

    2.1 Equipment may be donated to Freeside either by members buying, giving
        or outside parties offering equipment.

      2.1.1  When equipment is donated, it should be done so without any
             obligation or pretense as to what the equipment should be used
             for. See section 4 for details of how decisions are made.

      2.1.2  Members who have donated equipment at any extent do not gain any
             advantage or exclusions from the rulings in section 4.

    2.2 Not all equipment in the office will belong to Freeside, but may
        belong to members privately.

      2.2.1  POE must not be used in running any live system in relation to
             1.1, with the exception of equipment used to control the live
             system.

      2.2.2  POE must be clearly labeled and identified to other members as
             privately owned.

      2.2.3  Freeside as an organisation is not liable for any damages or loss
             of POE.

      2.2.4  Members will take any precaution necessary to ensure that POE is
             not damaged or lost, failure to do so may result in loss of
	     memebership and access rights.


  3. APPOINTING LEADERSHIP

  4. MAKING DECISIONS
